# REST-App for jkrprojects.de-Services.

> **No Tests written (yet)**:<br />
> Currently only the Functionality in Practise of this Spring Boot-App has been tested.<br />
> That means, everything is working fine, but i don't wrote the Test-Code yet.
> I'll remove this Notification, when it's done. 😊<br />

## 🔎 Table of Contents (ToC)

[[_TOC_]]

---

## 💬 Contact Me.
If you need any help or just want to talk to me, have a look here: [contact-informations.md](contact-informations.md).

---

## 📕 About all of my Software-Products.
Just read the following Paragraphs. 😊

---

### 📃 I use the „Ports & Adapters“- / „Hexagonal“-Software-Design.
For every newly-created Software, I use the **„Ports & Adapters“-Design**.

For better understanding — what the **„Ports & Adapters“-Design** is — have a look here: [Wikipedia (EN) · Hexagonal Architecture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hexagonal_architecture_(software))

---

### 📃 The underlying Software-License.
This Software is free forever.

There is nothing to pay and nothing to fulfill, to use/to edit/to (re-)publish my written Software-Code.

*You can also have a look at: [license.md](license.md) in the same Directory.*

---

## 📙 About this Spring Boot-Application.
This Spring Boot-Application is intended to contain the Business-Logic of every Service operated directly by/for _jkrprojects.de_.

As in the Notification above already said, currently there are no Tests written yet.<br />
I'll catch this up and write some Tests, when I've some Time.

---

### 📃 Which Systems are in this App?
Here is a List of the Systems, I created for this Backend-App:
* an **Authentication- and Authorization**-System,
* a **Simple S3-FileManager** (_will be moved into an own Library sometime_),
* and a **My Worklife**-System, including the Business Logic for my „My Worklife“-Project.<br />
  Accessible under: [my-worklife.jkrprojects.de](https://my-worklife.jkrprojects.de).
  It contains following Subsystems:
  * a **Company-Code Controlling**-System,
  * and an **Application-Chapter Management**-System,
    * which also have a Subsystem, for the **Application-Files Management**.

---

## 📘 The Project-Structure.

```
Root-Directory.
├─ intellij-run-configurations/
│  └─ JkrProjectsRestApp (local-development).run.xml
├─ release-scripts/
│  └─ gitlab/
│  │  └─ [...]
├─ service-configurations/
│  └─ development-service-configuration.conf
│  └─ production-service-configuration.conf
│  └─ readme.md
├─ docs/ (used for Documentation-Purposes.)
│  └─ plantuml-images/ (Image-Based Documentation generated by PlantUML.)
│  │  └─ authentication-and-authorization-system/
│  │  │  └─ [...]
│  │  └─ simple-s3-filemanager/
│  │  │  └─ [...]
│  │  └─ my-worklife-system/
│  │  │  └─ [...]
├─ src/
│  └─ main/ (the actual Source-Code.)
│  │  └─ [...]
│  └─ test/ (the Test-Code.)
│  │  └─ [...]
├─ .gitignore
├─ .gitlab-ci.yml
├─ cloudformation-stack.yaml
├─ compose.sh
├─ compose-dev.sh
├─ contact-informations.md
├─ docker-compose.yaml
├─ Dockerfile
├─ license.md
├─ pom.xml
└─ readme.md
```

---